[Docs][Dashboards] Add 'Create programmatically' overview page (#5927)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/dashboards/building.md

---
mapped_pages:
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/create-dashboards.html
description: Choose how to create Kibana dashboards — from the UI, programmatically using REST APIs, or using AI-powered tools — and find the right starting point for your workflow.
applies_to:
  stack: ga
  serverless: ga
products:
  - id: kibana
type: overview
---

# Building dashboards [create-dashboards]

> {{product.kibana}} gives you several ways to create dashboards. Use the following table to find the right approach, then follow the link to get started.

Author: ```suggestion
{{product.kibana}} offers many ways to build powerful dashboards that help you visualize and keep track of the most important information in your {{product.elasticsearch}} data. Combine multiple visualizations, metrics, and interactive elements into a cohesive view that tells your data story and enables rapid decision-making.

Use the following table to find the right approach for building your dashboards, then follow the link to get started.
```
